add additional wasting treatment scenario (#767)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/concept_models/vivarium_ciff_sam/concept_model.rst

- Preventive and therapeutic zinc baseline parameters

**Alternative scenario 1**

> Scale up the :ref:`acute malnutrition treatment and management baseline parameters <wasting-treatment-baseline-parameters>` for SAM (:math:`C_{SAM}`and :math:`E_{SAM}`) to the alternative scenario values in the table below. Note that intervention efficacy may *decrease* in the alternative scenario relative to the baseline scenario for some draws -- however, this may be a realistic effect of a dramatic increase in intervention coverage and *effctive* coverage (:math:`E \times C`) should be greater for all draws in the alterative scenario. See the :ref:`treatment and management for acute malnutrition document<intervention_wasting_treatment>` for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scale up the :ref:`acute malnutrition treatment and management baseline parameters <wasting-treatment-baseline-parameters>` for SAM (:math:`C_{SAM}`and :math:`E_{SAM}`) to the alternative scenario values in the table below. Note that intervention efficacy may *decrease* in the alternative scenario relative to the baseline scenario for some draws -- however, this may be a realistic effect of a dramatic increase in intervention coverage and *effective* coverage (:math:`E \times C`) should be greater for all draws in the alternative scenario. See the :ref:`treatment and management for acute malnutrition document<intervention_wasting_treatment>` for more information.
```
